hey people what's up i 'm hard again
cowardly and welcome to
a crash is clear
tips and tricks video k2 and
at the same time a little info
video yes I have to say it unfortunately
I'm really sorry for my eleven
subscribers and yes I can unfortunately today
again make no minecraft video
dam a cousin is gone now and me
actually returned this
small breakdown
so now i can wait another day
Well, I'll do it tomorrow for you
four to five minecraft pocket edition
I hope you understand that and videos
he does not immediately stare at me
and yes, tomorrow will come as already
said four or five videos then and
That's why I'm going to make it short
glossy tips and tricks video
you see my castle and finally build
i mean tesla takes a day and
You also hear that noise
and yes I think that's really cool
what do a great deal of harm and
shoot fast for that now i have
a bomb deposited and yes as well
already said you can on my plan
to join
that means clear in the shadow and yes still
just spruce up my a cannon
level 8 and cry a kobold so
my kobolde will be the five hours
to be on level 4
my town hall is still updated to level 8
that is the already and what
updated still can without that and means
rupp able update one more level
yes what should I say so now
I go, I would say only times
attack and attack 30 times
too little gold ton gold too little
Gold are currently just bad
although I'm 1255 straight but also
only 44,000 gold age what is today
los normal come because only super bros
man man
Not even 67,000 , that's not it
123000 she's fine, okay
As always, my send a talk
immediately afterwards in the auerbacher and says
makes recompense your work
archer archers
Archer protect sex symbol
right after that, koblenz goblins koblenz
goblins so the high rent nice gold so
now she is going to protect herself on the
a job and healer heal healing
cure heal cure hi-tech chemistry giant
we already have the whole gold rek / dapd
how cool and the elixir we have too
the same and the archers are yes
sometimes shoot ranging easy
only on the walls
even if sometimes not the gap
which they shoot at the next one
wall this is really fact but still one
air defense well few have a giant
many still live
we should create our own ok and
again I'm really sorry that
I do not make a video again today
can
I 've got a subscriber away
It's enough, I'm actually out
clans video I hope you see that
even so and then tomorrow will come as already
said more inter videos and so beautiful
is alex bring their
same vw and there was suddenly needed
and 514000 gold yes that can be seen
so so, and I also thank you
again for subscribers that's it again
with cash on clans and eggs tough ahead
peoples k